welcome everyone Adam the whoo here here
it's my second channel daily blog Chan
know the daily whoo you almost passed me
you were going by me but I called you
back because I wanted to hear the intro
the daily woo intro it's Sunday everyone
and not only is it Sunday it's a special
day that's right you know what day it is
dun dun dun dun dun dun Donna don't come
back down here it's Super Bowl that was
Superman but I put the Super Bowl words
over it hopefully you caught on to that
who do you thinks gonna win the night
that's right tonight it's the Denver
Nuggets vs. Joe Montana and somebody
else I don't even know who's playing in
the Super Bowl
do you guys know who's playing who do
you want to win I'm rooting for the
Chicago Bears I love that guy the
refrigerator Perry that big guy it's
awesome one that he would hand the ball
off to him like a running back even
though he's like a I got up front guy
like a linebacker or something and they
hand him the ball he runs through there
and he scores a field goal it's so
awesome
the way it all works so I'm excited to
watch that I'm also gonna watch wait in
there like a Puppy Bowl on tonight also
that's probably way more important than
the game a lot of people always say my
team won my team won well hopefully your
team wins I'm excited for you if you're
excited you get excited for me and let's
all root together I'm probably I'm
honestly not gonna watch a Super Bowl
but if I did I would definitely be
rooting for one of the teams that you
want to win so what team do you want to
win leave a comment below cuz I'm
curious what's on your mind what's on
your mind right now you're probably
thinking this guy is a complete fool who
does not follow sports in any way shape
or form I'm actually a baseball fan I
like baseball more than football
but whatever life goes on right it's
still a Super Bowl you know I'm gonna
watch the commercials because everyone's
talking about around the water cooler if
I had a water cooler tomorrow I'll be
talking about the commercials at work
but I don't have a job I don't have a
water cooler so I'm two for two on this
one
though you score two points when you
score a touchdown so that kind of works
out it works
the tooth two-point conversion works out
when you score a touchdown and you kick
a field goal through the uprights and
you slam dunk it that's how it works
thanks for watching everyone make sure
you subscribe and I'm gonna see you
tonight watching the Super Bowl because
I'm gonna look through your television
I'm gonna be there looking from the
other end I'm gonna be staring at you so
don't eat too many chips remember don't
double dip and also don't drink too much
be safe out there
when you're not driving but you're not
gonna be driving who's gonna be driving
watching a television screen of the
Super Bowl I don't even have any clue
doesn't even a record of zero matter
let's all root for war and Moon and the
Patriots tonight see you later goodbye
oh yeah by the way t-shirts down below
check out the Spreadshirt link I'll see
you tomorrow tomorrow we're gonna know
who wins the Super Bowl unless of course
it's a tie and it keeps going into extra
innings if that keeps happening we're
gonna be up all night it's gonna be a
late night
doesn't matter I'm gonna see you
tomorrow